Add: Development and build/ release guide and edit button to docs theme (#290)
stravalib/stravalib: CONTRIBUTING.md

make test
```

### Test coverage
We use codecov implemented through the pytest-cov extension to sphinx to 
track  `stravalib's` test coverage. If you submit changes to the stravalib 
api, please try to also include tests (if you can) to support the feature 
that you are adding or the bug that you are fixing. If you are not comfortable with writing tests, no worries. Please just let us know when you 
submit your initial issue. We want you to contribute and are happy to help

> if needed! 

Author: ah let me look at this locally. i added the text coverage stuff at the end of a longer editing session so it could be redundant!  thanks!

> if needed! 

Author: it is. i removed it!

```

### Test coverage

> We use cod`ecov implemented through the `pytest-cov` extension to sphinx to 
> track `stravalib`'s test % coverage. When you submit a pull request, you will 
> see how that pull request affects our package's total test coverage.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `codecov` implemented through the `pytest-cov` extension to sphinx to 
track `stravalib`'s test % coverage. When you submit a pull request, you will 
see how that pull request affects our package's total test coverage.   
```
